Dad?
Mom
You were
I'm having a hard time playing
Vice President
Dialect
You say
Am I feeling like a joke right now?
From Now On
How should I face the Ning family?
How to face the rush
Vice President
There is still room for recovery
As long as you can save it
Kingman has disappeared
Send more people to turn Jiangcheng over
Find it for me too
OK
Vice President
This is the divorce agreement sent by Miss Ji
Oh, he said something.
Say what to say
His real name is
Nie Mengmeng
So
In fact, his marriage certificate with you can only be considered fake
You were never married to him?
He just wants to deny us everything
And he had a good reason for that.
You to him
It's really not easy to roll
Ah!
silently
Ah silence
Is that really you?
Let dad see you
As long as you're okay, be quiet.
My wife calls me in my dreams every day
And I woke up.
But I didn't see you.
It's dad who's sorry for you
So many years
You must have suffered a lot.
It's all over
I want to mention these things again
Ah!
Forget it.
Dad listen to you
Dad can't even do it now
Would you like to come back and help Dad?
I have transferred all my property
All transferred to you
OK
I also want to live a different way
Nice-eyed River, wait for me to see you again.
I will put these names
Take back what's lost